Flow of GUI:
Ist window:
image name: Enter the complete path of the map/image you want to open(jpg/jpeg/png).
Parameter: The conversion factor for coordinates.
Save: Saves the details and directs to the next window.

2nd Window:
The image you gave is displayed.
Start: Button to start selecting boundary points of the catchment. To select a point press right click.
delete prev point: To delete prev point.
End: It creates an excel file, BoundaryPoints.xlsx, which has boundary points of a catchment and a unique sub-catchment number (if any). Thus a user is allowed to create multiple sub-catchment boundary points by pressing the end-button. 
Next: Navigates user to next page.
rb: To reset the image back to actual size.

Control for image: Rotate mouse-wheel to zoom out. Press mouse wheel to zoom in. Left click and drag to drag.

3rd Window:
Press this First: Creates a .geo file from the .xlsx file containing boundary points previously selected
Create mesh using this: Opens the gmsh software. In their open the BoundaryPoints.geo file. Customize the mesh size and generate triangular meshes. Save the mesh thereafter.
Press and wait 2 min: Creates three excel files. Wait for it and press "Next".

4th Window:
lines: Draws the mesh created before here.

5th Window:
Guide: Gives instruction for creating five excel files which are mandatory for creating the case specific database.
Next Select contour points: Directs you to select points having known elevation.

6th Window:
Start, End, Delete prev point: Same function as in window 2.
Press this first: Gives you instruction to enter z coord of all the selected points.
Interpolate: Interpolates given data for z coord value of al the points of mesh. Then press next.

7th Window:
(Essential to press in the same order)
First: Matlab code that prcess the files.
Create Final Database: Matlab code that creates the final database.  
Generate Hydrograph: Matlab code that runs and create the final hydrograph for the catchment.

*Rest two windows are just for extra ourpose and can be customized
8th Window:
Just a Button to navigate further.

9th Window:
Bye. The End:)

Enjoy using this GUI :-D
